[PROF-10209] Update docs for python timeline (#24606)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/connect_traces_and_profiles.md

Requires `dd-trace-py` version 0.44.0+.

> To enable the new [timeline feature](#span-execution-timeline-view)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the [timeline feature](#span-execution-timeline-view):
```

- Upgrade `dd-trace-py` to version 2.10.4 or later
- Set environment variable `DD_PROFILING_TIMELINE_ENABLED` to `true`

> - Set environment variable `DD_PROFILING_EXPORT_LIBDD_ENABLED` to `true`, this enables new profiling exporter implemented as a native extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set environment variable `DD_PROFILING_EXPORT_LIBDD_ENABLED` to `true`. This enables the profiling exporter to be implemented as a native extension.
```

Trying to fix grammar—does my change preserve the intended meaning of this sentence?

Author: This bit is no longer needed.
